[OSDOCS#17176]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-3 (#114266)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/security-platform-admission.adoc

[id="security-platform-admission_{context}"]
= Protecting control plane with admission plugins

[role="_abstract"]

> While RBAC controls access rules between users and groups and available projects, _admission plugins_ define access to the {product-title} master API. Admission plugins form a chain of rules that consist of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
Where RBAC controls access rules between users and groups and available projects, you can define access to the {product-title} master API by using _admission plugins_ . 

API requests go through a chain of rules that consist of the following admission plugins:
```

* Default admissions plugins: These implement a default set of policies and resources limits that are applied to components of the {product-title} control plane.

> * Mutating admission plugins: These plugins dynamically extend the admission chain. They callout to a webhook server and can both authenticate a request and modify the selected resource.

Reviewer: That should be two words. [_callout_ is a noun and _call out_ is a verb](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/callout).

```suggestion
* Mutating admission plugins: These plugins dynamically extend the admission chain. They call out to a webhook server and can both authenticate a request and modify the selected resource.
```
